1. Line 12 will print `3`, because the length of the input array is 3 so that `i` will be increased three times, and after the `for` loop, it will end up at 3.<br>
2. Line 13 will print `150`, because the last time we changed the value of `discountedPrice` is `prices[i] * (1 - discount)` at which `i` is 3 so that `discountedPrice` is 300 * (1 - 0.5) = 150.<br>
3. Line 14 will print `150`, because `finalPrice` is just simply `Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100` so that it would not change the value, which means it is 150 as well.<br>
4. This function will return an array `[50, 100, 150]`, because the function returns an array with all the prices that are discounted which are half of the original prices.<br>
5. Code will return an error, becasue variable `i` is declared by a keyword `let` in the `for` block so that `i` cannot be used outside of `for` block.<br>
6. Code will return an error, becasue variable `discountedPrice` is declared by a keyword `let` in the `for` block so that `discountedPrice` cannot be used outside of `for` block.<br>
7. Line 14 will print `150`, because `finalPrice` is just simply `Math.round(discountedPrice * 100) / 100` so that it would not change the value, which means it is 150 as well.<br>
8. This function will return an array `[50, 100, 150]`, because the function returns an array with all the prices that are discounted which are half of the original prices.<br>
9. Code will return an error, becasue variable `i` is declared by a keyword `let` in the `for` block so that `i` cannot be used outside of `for` block.<br>
10. Line 12 print `3`, because it returns the length of the input array which is 3.<br>
11. This function will return an array `[50, 100, 150]`, because the function returns an array with all the prices that are discounted which are half of the original prices.<br>
12. A: `student.name`, B: `student["name"]`, C: `student.greeting()`, D: `student["Favorite Teacher"]["name"]`, E: `student["courseLoad"][0]`.<br>
13. A: `'32'` because integers map to their exact string representation. B: `1`  because strings map to their exact integer representation. C: `3` because an integer plus a `null` should be itself. D: `3null` because `null` maps to their exact string representation. E: `4` because `true` maps to ineger `1` so that the sum should be `4`. F: `0` because false maps to integer 0 and plus `null` should be equal to itself as `0`. G: `'3undefined'` because `undefined` maps to its exact string representation. H: `NaN` because `NaN` stands for "not a number" which explains a string minus an `undefined` value.<br>
14. A: `true` because the sign `>` do the type conversion for `'2'` to `2` so that it is checking whether or not integer `2` is greater than integer `1`. B: `false` because because alphabetically `'1'` in `'12'` is less than `'2'`. C: `true` because the sign `==` do the type conversion for `'2'` to `2` so that it is checking whether or not integer `2` is equal to integer `2`. D: `false` because `===` do not do type conversion so that a string cannot be equal to a integer. E: `false` because true maps to integer `1` so that integer `1` is not equal to integer `2`. F: `true` because `Boolean(2)` has an input with integer `2` which is `true` since everying with a value in `Boolean` function will return `true`.<br>
15. `==` can do the type conversion for variables on the right and left hand side so that even if an integer and a string can compare. `===` cannot do the type conversion, and it directly compares the values of these variables.<br>
17. The result would be `[2,4,6]`. Since the `callback` function in this condition will return the doubled number of the input, `callback[array[i]]` returns the doubled number of each number stored in `array` which is `[2,4,6]`.
19. The output would `1` `4` `3` `2`.
